anyone's been making some cool build
your own cases recently Alex built the
Dilly in uh compex now we've got the PAC
which apparently doesn't actually stand
for anything so let's make our own name
and Convention how about personally
organized case thanks inwin it comes in
two colors we've got the tropical
sweetheart or race blue I don't know why
this one gets the actual color and this
one just says tropical uh I guess I just
get to pick one if you couldn't tell
they're flat pack which is actually
really cool it's kind of like the IKEA
furniture of cases
ooh they've got all these assembly
instructions on the box there's also an
app to follow in case you don't have the
box for whatever reason maybe you buy it
secondhand or something and everything
just comes in these like really flat
sheets of secc Steel which is pretty
cool we're going to supposedly fold it
like origami that's what their marketing
material says at least anyways front
panel how to fold everything's very
clearly labeled and I like that this is
just uh I don't know if it's recycled
already but it's just paper it's just
card like not cardboard uh card stock or
something so you can easily throw it in
the recycling once you're done although
I mean it's got the instructions so I
don't know if you want to get rid of it
we've got our side cover we've got our
front panel rear panel MB or motherboard
plate side cover one of two top panel
and bottom panel Hey where's my side
cover two of two well okay we'll we'll
find out I guess maybe they're together
or something it's not that heavy it gets
to be about 8.82 lb and it's a mini ITX
build so we've got our r stxs b 760i
gaming Wi-Fi that we'll throw in that
later but I want to build this case we
get a few other things here there's
these metal rails maybe to hold it we
get some cable ties and zap straps which
is always nice for cable management we
also get a fan so you get one fan with
your case which is okay for ITX it's not
bad we also get some of these little
yeah these look like little rubber feet
that you throw on on the end we'll find
that out later we also get a handy dandy
accessories box always appreciated as
well as our pcie Gen 4 Riser cable oh
it's both the Riser and the io module in
here apparently or maybe they just use
the same box yeah maybe they just use
the same box cuz this one says IO module
now I don't know what to believe let's
see what we get in our accessories box
though okay just some foam to stick uh I
don't know what this little foam is for
either and then our screws and what
looks like our standoffs and mounting
hardware and uh pcie slot screws let's
see which is which here is our oh this
is the I/O we get one USBC which is 3.2
gen 2x2 as well as two 3.2 gen 1 usba a
ports along with our little headphone
mic combo Jack this one must be our
Riser then yeah very nice if you don't
want to follow the instructions that
come on the box there's an app fold
assemble build part one fold oh that's
really cool seven panels to bend uh so
you just like Click on each one and then
it gives you a little
uh video on how to fold it let's follow
this thing step by step we'll start with
the MB plate why didn't they just say
motherboard one minor thing this is like
waxed or something on the inside so I
don't know how recyclable this is
anymore it's got this side on the bottom
and then you fold these
in and then this flap okay this is great
but it moves a little fast how do I
rewind do I just go back and back in yep
okay oh there's this tab I forgot about
this go
here very cool okay and then this folds
out this way so then we flip it out this
way and then we throw some screws in
here and then P1 motherboard standoff
time 6 cool that's the last step looks
like the next step is to tell you about
this message from our sponsor thanks to
chos Fox for sponsoring today's video
available as a fully pre-built keyboard
or a barebones kit the Leo 80 tkl
mechanical keyboard is anything but your
average off the shelf board available in
a bold old anodized black a beautiful
anodized blue and an Exquisite eced
white this thing is built like a brick
of course it has features you'd expect
like hot swappable key switches and per
key south facing RGB but it even has
side profile RGB with connectivity
options of bluetoo 2.4 gig Wireless and
wired USBC this board really is a
versatile immaculately constructed
statement piece check it out using the
link below what's next handy dandy Guide
front panel the F panel my favorite
panel looks like this one's pretty easy
Pock I build I share I build computer
looks like you fold it in I just want to
make sure I'm folding them the right
way I did because look on the video you
can see the color on one side so that
actually makes it really easy to tell
that you're on the right side that's
what I've been looking for at least
anyway is just which side is the paint
on we need our rear panel next yeah I do
love how it's got like the howto fold
right on the box that is Handy uh maybe
don't throw away your your box if you
think you're going to be disassembling
and assembling over and over again one
kind of minor thing to note though is
that this is metal and it's going to
wear out so you probably only have so
many bends in this before it just starts
to snap this one's a little harder cuz
there's no paint my method has been
foiled that's
supposedly the rear panel side cover oh
that was good oh this is super cool uh
so what you can do with these is you can
basically uh do whatever pattern you
want cuz it's for air flow I'll get it
assembled first and then I'll choose
which ones to like pop out top panel ooh
I love this blue the tropical sweetheart
you get a bit of everything you know you
get these yellows or oranges you get
this green you get some blue it's nice
whereas with the blue eraser it's just
blue and black which hey that's an
aesthetic in and of itself but it's not
what we're looking for today I am like
terrified every time I bend these and
I'm going to break something but nope
somebody ordered a pizza ball this one's
kind of weird we've actually this is
like the first one where I've had to
actually do multiple bends I'm actually
enjoying myself quite a bit it's a lot
of fun I've been doing a lot of like
mini assembly and painting and stuff
recently and it's been a joy kind of
just putting small things together and I
don't really build ITX but I might get
that ATX version next time I buy a case
cuz this is really cool all right you
hit the done step and then look it's
seven pieces 1 2 3 4 five six I have six
where's my other side panel seven that
we totally totally forgot to fold you
know they only have one step for side
panel even though you got two of them I
just wasn't thinking about it we're
going to take our bottom plate we're
going to take our MB plate we're just
going to kind of squeak it in here
everything's got a little like cutout
where it should go which is nice oh
these go on the outside this is why you
follow the instructions this says that
it comes with tools and accessories but
I don't see a
screwdriver anyway the wind blows okay
that's
done w oh good job careful it's a little
flimsy until it's like really all
together okay so then I take the
perforated this guy and it's going to
slot
in around here somehow it looks like
line up these holes very good then we're
going to take our other side panel right
here and we're just going to screw this
in to kind of like complete the little
graphic here I understand why we put
these two up top here it's for the I/O
so we're just going to screw those into
these little standoffs here and away we
go I just realized this is a power
button something that's not clear unless
you're following the guide maybe it's
clearer when you f the instructions but
these uh panels I don't know sometimes
if they go on the inside or the outside
so let's just watch this little guy here
on the inside on the inside this time
see it's so they have it putting the
handle on first I think that's way
harder to do I'm just going to put these
screws through first instead as for the
handles themselves it's hard to tell you
know without everything in here but I
like them I don't have the smallest
hands or the beefiest and my fingers can
fit in here looks like our next step is
our PCI Riser okay take that out and
then this is going to go right here feed
that through and then take a couple more
standoff screws we're almost done
basically all we've got are our two side
panels here we're just going to slot
these
in and then screw them in on both sides
it's pretty cool one thing we kind of
realized though before we put these side
panels on is that uh you can't really
you know once they're in you can't get
in there and I've still got to put a
computer in this thing they don't tell
me anywhere on the instructions I got so
carried away in their cool Pock app that
I completely forgot to build the
computer so we're going to build a
computer
[Music]
now okay we're just going to pop a riser
Cable in now that we've got our cooler
and our motherboard in here and I got to
say starting to look pretty good I'm not
100% sure we'll have enough clearance oh
yeah we're good we're good we're good
we're good we'll attach all our IO we'll
get our graphics card in on the other
side just screwing in our power supply
here probably should have plugged the
other stuff in first but you know we'll
get there
uh the nice thing is because this thing
takes fulls sizee components look at
this we don't need an sfx power
supply it's so big now they say you can
fit a 346 mm long card up to 3 and 1 12
slots which is pretty bigy pretty beefy
we got a 4070
TI here we go now it's clicked something
I got really worried about real quick
was how I'm going to actually screw this
down into the plate that's way down here
they give you a little slot so the
stubby is not going to work
that's for sure but big boy long screw
will totally fit that's in there pretty
good you know we got our handles to move
it around actually really do like these
handles quite a bit now that I've got
them Cable Management could use some
work I not going to spend a ton of time
cable managing but there's plenty of
room because it's got two Chambers so
the GPU is on the other side nice and
tidy just like this do whatever you want
you got lots of space as for like
overall feel and quality I don't have
the side panels on yet admittedly but it
does feel a tad flimsy I mean let's be
real here it's 8 mm thick secc steel
it's just kind of held in by screws in a
few places with some bends but let's put
the side panels on before we really
judge it too harshly it does look cool I
really like it it's super colorful like
that's one complaint I have about
building computers these days in general
you either do RGB or it's all black or
it's all white it's kind of it there
used to be a lot of colored components
whether it was cases or motherboards or
graphics cards and that just doesn't
really happen that much anymore but I
would like to bring back color a little
bit of color into my life it's why I
like the fractal pop air so much you can
get it in a bunch of different fun
colors um and that's why I really like
this guy it's still a little flimsy but
realistically you're not going to move
this once it's done um you're just going
to put it down somewhere and leave it be
so yeah it's pretty sweet you've got
your all your HDMI ports whatever you're
going to put there and then just kind of
pop them out the sides here or over here
if you want and then oh the
feet
wow that's great eye build I completely
forgot to customize my cooling so you
know I'm just going to take a slot
screwdriver and just kind of goop to get
these out because I cannot reach them
now that the panel is on every single
one that's what I want to do don't do it
this way I'm probably scratching a
little bit of paint actually I really
like this I think it's a pretty cool
idea uh lets you just kind of added a
little bit of flare to your computer
maybe you just want to do the side ones
maybe you just want to do the top wow
it's pretty snazzy you know it is the
tiniest bit flimsy but I don't think
that's a real problem unless you're
lugging around your PC everywhere which
I mean I guess can be kind of the point
of small form factor if you want to use
it for land parties or something Belle
says this is more medium form factor and
I guess I kind of agree it is a little
tall it's a little thick like H for
instance I built in the uh ghost and
that is like 2/3 of this size at least
maybe over overall I think the
construction is pretty decent putting it
together was actually really fun I don't
know how many people are actually going
to enjoy that as much as I did I kind of
like these Nifty little fan things that
you can pop in and out for your air flow
probably doesn't do a whole lot
realistically there is a ton of other
ventilation on this case and oh my God I
forgot about our fan normally the fan
just goes on the inside here if you
forget like me you can always just you
know strap it to the outside and then R
the cable somehow if you want to buy the
whole thing it's $95 which consider in
case prices keep going up and up that's
not too bad and if you want to you can
mix and match and buy individual panels
uh so you can kind of create your own
design one piece at a time do I
recommend it honestly yeah if you want
to build a new kind of medium to small
form factor PC and you want something
that looks colorful and you feel like
you've done it yourself then uh the pock
could be for you thanks for watching if
you want to watch other case short
circuits Adam built the q500 from Cooler
Master recently it's another DIY build
your own video check it out